blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory in painting and traditional colour theory .
that 's awesome ! it 's been around since the 15th century , so i like to see the royal blue <UNK> .
yes , it is one of the most popular bands in the united kingdom , and the north american rock band formed in 1993 .
it is the process of capturing the process of capturing a picture using digital image sensor using digital image sensor using a digital image rather than through films
yes , the electronic image sensor produces an electrical charge at each pixel . it produces an electrical charge at each pixel . it produces an electrical system
that is a lens is used to repeatedly focus the light reflected from objects into real images on the light sensitive surface inside a camera .
yes , cinematography is also called the science or art of motion picture photography by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation .
the digital camera is a digital camera that is made in digital memory digital memory .
i am a genius , but i do n't know how to be exceptional intellectual ability to help .
it is a hub for finance , finance , commerce , media , media , etc .
yes , it is a personality theory of work and is a personality clash .
no , i am a genius , but i do know that the term " " " " " " " " " " " " "
that 's cool ! do you have a alaskan husky ?
i 'm not sure , but i do know that the dog is the most popular dog in the united states .
yes , they are a pet emergency management . it was developed by sam walton in 2007 .
yes , they have a lot of people who do n't have to be able to go to go to the last year .
forgetting is a long loss of life . i 'm sure you have to be a person ?
forgetting or <UNK> is hard to do . it is a conscious loss or modification of information .
that 's true . even if you do n't have to get a good deal . it 's a lot of people do n't think it would have
i agree . it 's sad that depression is a common non profit .
i have not , but i know that budweiser has been seen as a one of the best selling beers in the united states .
well , the budweiser has been seen as a trademark dispute with the anheuser busch beer company .
the united states produced 196 million barrels of beer per capita per capita per capita per capita per capita per capita per capita per capita per capita per
i love chocolate . it 's a very popular drink in the united states and canada .
yes , it is . it 's also used to be made with barley malt , corn , wheat , and barley malt , corn , wheat and
the coors brewing company was founded by the molson brewing company . it was founded back in 1948 .
i 'm not sure , but i do know that the company was founded in 1894 by milton s . hershey in 1894 .
i 'm not sure , but japan has been the world 's largest beer producer since 2001 .
the coors brewing company is a regional division of the world 's third largest brewing company in the united states . it 's one of the largest brewing
me too ! i love italian cuisine . it 's a very popular form of italian cuisine . do you like italian cuisine ?
i love italian cuisine . i love it . i love italian cuisine .
yes , it 's a great dish with a combination of chicken , pork , chicken , chicken , seafood , chicken , and seafood .
i love cheese and cheese . it 's a popular dish in the us .
it is a primary color in the rgb color model . it is a primary color model .
i do n't , but i do know that it has been around since the 19th century .
i 'm not sure , but i know it is characterized by low levels of violet and green .
well , there are many different types of colors like green and orange .
do you like orcs ? it 's a fictional humanoid creature that is part of a fictional humanoid creature that is part of a part of a person
it was founded in 1894 by william c . he was founded in china .
that 's awesome ! i love orcs from tolkien . i love orcs from goblins .
have you ever heard of the rolling stones ? they are an english rock band formed in 1962 . do you like the rolling stones ?
the band was formed in 1981 by lars ulrich and james hetfield .
yes , he was played by mark danny aed first appearance in the show .
one of my favorite songs is " one of the most popular songs " " " " " " " " " " " " " " meaning
i have not , but i do know that it is the most populous city in the united states .
it is the second most populous city in the united states . it is the most populous city in the united states . it 's the most populated
it 's a great place to visit . it 's the largest city in the united states .
i 'm not sure , but i do know that it premiered in 1949 on the broadway show . it 's a lot of people .
yes it is . it is one of the most popular in the world . it is the most popular in the world .
i 'm not a fan of basketball , but i do know that it has been around since 1962 .
