blue is my favorite primary color .
i once road on the royal blue train from new york to d . c
yes , speaking of blue skies , have you seen the 1946 movie staring bing crosby ?
cinematography , is a type of motion picture , captured electronically by means of an image
it works by lens used to repeatedly focus the light reflected from objects into real images on the light sensitive surface .
cinematography is also a type of photography which is the science , art , application and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation ,
some however prefer using digital camera or digicam , which is a camera that captures photograph .
prior to the advent of digital technology , photographs were made by exposing light sensitive photographic film and paper , which was processed in liquid chemical .
a genius is a person who displays exceptional intellectual ability .
universality in genres or originality typically to a degree that is associated with achievements
there is no scientifically precise definition of genius
the world began to acquire its secondary meaning of inspiration , talent
it sounds cute ! huskies are known amongst sled dogs for their fast pulling style .
sled dogs , including huskies , are used for transportation in arctic areas .
that 's not uncommon ! there are rescue groups that specialize in finding homes for retired sled dogs .
yes . huskies got their name from the word referring to eskimos .
forgetting is the process of losing information already stored in the memory
its a gradual process where one is unable to call up the older memories
memory problems are one of the most common complaints of older adults
<UNK> is terrible but there are many different factors that can affect the process of " forgetting "
yes , and i love it ! it 's a filtered beer , and it comes in either draft or packaged forms
yes , that 's true because the trademark name of budweiser is own by the czech beer maker , budweiser budvar
compared to canadian beer , i guess it is ! it is a pale lager though , and is produced by anheuser busch
that sounds yummy ! interestingly , budweiser is made with hops and barley malt , with up to 30 rice as well
yes , and it is a bohemian style lager developed by adolphus busch and his friend carl conrad
in 1873 adolph coors and jacob schueler founded the brewery
i would say one of there most popular items is " coors light " which was first produced in 1978 , so after 105 years of being founded .
i do n't know the exact amount but i do know that the company is a regional division of the world 's third largest brewing company , the molson
oh no problem , the molson coors brewing co that was formed in 2005 is now the coors brewing company .
oh yes ! it is the best . it 's really changed over the years but it still has good roots .
i really enjoy chicken parmigiana . what about you ?
chicken with sauce and mozzarella ... be still my heart !
especially cheddar cheese ! it 's the second most popular cheese in the us !
i do n't know much about the color except that it is an intermediate color between blue and red . i do like it though .
i would say that it was useful in <UNK> the past royalty of europe and other countries , as well as many magician 's ensembles .
i 'm not sure exactly what wavelengths it occurs at . i do know that purple is similar to violet but unlike that spectral color it is a composite
composite means that purple is a simple color made by combining red and blue . violet is different because it 's spectral .
orcs are cool fictional humanoid beings
while the concept remains the same it draws on many preexisting mythology
orcs were actually created by j r r <UNK>
i love the rolling stones . do you ? they were formed in 1962 .
the first lineup was brian jones , mick , keith , bill wyman , charlie watts and ian steward .
i do n't believe so . he 's still with the band .
that is a great song . one of my <UNK> . wyman left in 1993 . then darryl jones replaced as touring bassist .
i have n't , but i do n't know if i do want to go or not lol . it 's the most populated city in america so i
there is around 9 million people in new york , and they are also the most densely populated of a major city , due to the size of the
well , new york is a very powerful city , known for their culture , financial and media , so they have a lot of influence on commerce ,
manhattan is known as " the city " by the locals , and so there is so much there . broadway is wonderful in new york , there are
it is , and they have smaller ones around new york . but , i would go visit brooklyn , queens , the bronx , manhattan and staten island
i 'm not really a big fan , but i have n't watched it too much . i know it 's kicking a ball and scoring a goal on
